
**Reflection Questions for Project 1**

I used ChatGPT as my classmate when discussing these questions. Here was my prompt to get valid, realistic outputs:

"You are my classmate in my CS162 Python class. Give your input as if you were a classmate talking to me in a discussion about these questions: how do you think you
would add file reading and writing functionality to your first week's project in this class,
how do you think the try and except clauses of Python work (based on your current understanding or a quick Internet search) and what the FileNotFoundError class is,
identify sections of your code that you could use to create functions or methods out of,
design tests that would show your program working correctly (positive tests and negative tests). Use my program that I will provide to help your discussion with me.
Make your responses realistic, you are my classmate, not an expert."

**Note: I had to do a follow up prompt because the output from the previous prompt gave me a lot of information and code snippets which is unlikely from a classmate. 
I will however probably utilize some of the suggestions it gave. However my follow up prompt gave a more realistic output from a classmate.
Here was the follow up prompt: "Ok discuss the same questions with me except be more like a classmate and dont provide direct code snippets"


1. How do you think you would add file reading and writing functionality to your first week's project in this class?

    After discussing with my classmate, we both came to the conclusion that adding a file save function to the creature class for saving a creatures attributes would be beneficial.
    I could add this feature so that the user could make multiple creature profiles and load, read, and edit them from the main menu in the program. This also technically
    would allow a user to import a creature file without the use of the program as long as the file is formatted correctly.

2. How do you think the try and except clauses of Python work (based on your current understanding or a quick Internet search) and what the FileNotFoundError class is?

    Based on my current understanding and discussion with my classmate (who also happens to be a research source) the 'try' and 'except' clause is used for error handling.
    Its purpose is to try something and then if it fails for a specific reason it will throw an error and does something else instead of crashing. It can be set up to run specific
    code for specific error cases and/or it can be used as a general error catcher that will catch any error thrown. The FileNotFoundError is a specific error to fileio use cases. 
    It is thrown when the program tries to open a file that does not exist or is not found in the directory being looked at.

3. Identify sections of your code that you could use to create functions or methods out of.

    My classmate gave good suggestions on good ways to refactor my code to be cleaner and easier to fix bugs. One of those suggestions was to have the menu be a function instead of it 
    being the main loop. I suggested that the fileio that I will add should also be a function.

4. Design tests that would show your program working correctly (positive tests and negative tests).

    For the design tests I will run a test file that covers cases that should work correctly and output the expected results as well as the actual results.
    I will also run a test file that covers cases that would cause errors in the program and see if the program can handle them and then output the resuslts.
    My classmate suggested using a python module called 'unittest' to automate these tests for me, however for this project I will use my own test methods. Maybe next project I'll try it.



